As the saying goes
As expected of a scholar
I want you to take care of it.
By the way, why did you close the door?
Can he still escape?
It's too fake not to lock it.
It's easy to revolt.
Besides, you underestimate a person's survival instinct
Can't bet
In less than 30 West, this Zuo Yuner will escape
If he's 30 West, he can escape the yard
I'll twist my head and use it as a urinal for you
Ah, come on out.
I rely on rumors that the eldest lady of my Hou family does not touch the spring water on her index finger
How did he manage it?
If someone chases you with a knife
Trust me, you can outrun a horse
You don't have to.
Now Zuo Yun'er has run away, and then what?
Don't worry, keep watching
Ahhh
I am the daughter of the Zuo Wuhou family
I've been kidnapped.
Please help me
Who kidnapped you?
What are the sons and grandsons who don't get used to each other?